README.md, before:

# LeetCode
![](https://shields.io/badge/language-csharp-brightgreen.svg)

Repository for solving LeetCode problems using C#.

| # | Title | Solution | Difficulty |
|---| ----- | -------- | ---------- |
|1|[Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/)|[C#](https://github.com/alexeychuvagin/LeetCode/blob/master/LeetCode.Problems/Easy/TwoSum.cs)|Easy|
|2|[Three Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum/)|[C#](https://github.com/alexeychuvagin/LeetCode/blob/master/LeetCode.Problems/Medium/ThreeSum.cs)|Medium|
|3|[Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/)|[C#](https://github.com/alexeychuvagin/LeetCode/blob/master/LeetCode.Problems/Easy/ValidParentheses.cs)|Easy|
|43|[Multiply Strings](https://leetcode.com/problems/multiply-strings/)|[C#](https://github.com/alexeychuvagin/LeetCode/blob/master/LeetCode.Problems/Medium/MultiplyStrings.cs)|Medium|
|96|[Unique Binary Search Trees](https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-binary-search-trees/)|[C#](https://github.com/alexeychuvagin/LeetCode/blob/master/LeetCode.Problems/Medium/UniqueBinarySearchTrees.cs)|Medium|

Commit message:

19. Remove Nth Node From End of List
https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list/

README.md, after:

# LeetCode
![](https://shields.io/badge/language-csharp-brightgreen.svg)

Repository for solving LeetCode problems using C#.

| # | Title | Solution | Difficulty |
|---| ----- | -------- | ---------- |
|1|[Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/)|[C#](https://github.com/alexeychuvagin/LeetCode/blob/master/LeetCode.Problems/Easy/TwoSum.cs)|Easy|
|2|[Three Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum/)|[C#](https://github.com/alexeychuvagin/LeetCode/blob/master/LeetCode.Problems/Medium/ThreeSum.cs)|Medium|
|3|[Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/)|[C#](https://github.com/alexeychuvagin/LeetCode/blob/master/LeetCode.Problems/Easy/ValidParentheses.cs)|Easy|
|19|[Remove Nth Node From End of List](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list/)|[C#](https://github.com/alexeychuvagin/LeetCode/blob/master/LeetCode.Problems/Medium/RemoveNthNodeFromEndOfList.cs)|Medium|
|43|[Multiply Strings](https://leetcode.com/problems/multiply-strings/)|[C#](https://github.com/alexeychuvagin/LeetCode/blob/master/LeetCode.Problems/Medium/MultiplyStrings.cs)|Medium|
|96|[Unique Binary Search Trees](https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-binary-search-trees/)|[C#](https://github.com/alexeychuvagin/LeetCode/blob/master/LeetCode.Problems/Medium/UniqueBinarySearchTrees.cs)|Medium|
